Phillip
Actors

GEMEP
18 actors, emotion annotations?
need to read the paper!
seems to be individual actors, not groups

A motion capture library for the study of identity,
gender, and emotion perception
from biological motion
http://paco.psy.gla.ac.uk/index.php/res/download-data
recordings of single people performing isolated actions
annotations about user's socioeconomic whatever
actors

Tutorbot corpus
real ppl, tutor acting, playing a game
doesnt seem to be available

FABO
actors

The UCLIC Database of Affective
Postures and Body Movements
acted emotions
non acted affective states from gaming
non acted affective states from clinical setting - not distributed
would have to contact

RAMAS
russian, actors
link doesnt really seem available

A multimodal corpus for gesture expressivity analysis
video game recordings, wii

UGI corpus
real ppl, anonymous, from above, participant questionnaires, space game. no gaze.
https://sites.google.com/view/ugirpi/
collaborative ranking task
ceiling mounted kinect that gives depth data
annotations consist of pretty simple questionnaires that seek to get at leadership, productivity
i guess they have recordings


GAP corpus
audio video group meetings, collaborative. binary positive vs negative sentiment
apparently conceived as supplement to ELEA


AMI corpus
authentic and acted meetings... no affect annotations i dont think
The data, mostly centred aroundthe idea of role‐playing in a meeting with the purpose of designing anew remote control, also includes output from a slide projector and asmartboard.A rich set ofannotationsincludetranscriptions ofthe meet-ings, dialogue act segmentation and labelling, topic segmentation andlabelling, summarization of each meeting, head and hand gestures in-cluding nods and shakes, higher‐level activities (e.g., note‐taking), sub-ject visibility (e.g., occlusion), manual head, face, mouth and handlocalization, and focus of attention
dialog acts, attention, focus, transcriptions, lots of other things. no affect.

ELEA
real ppl, survival task, meant to study leadership
The corpus was gathered with the aim of analyzing emergent leadership as a social phenomenon that occurs in newly formed groups. For each group in the corpus, the participants performed the winter survival task. The annotations of the corpus include self-reported and perceived personality, concepts related to leadership,  participants’ performance in the survival task, and manual transcriptions from the recordings in English. The full corpus contains approximately 10 hours of audio and video.
annotations about percieved leadership, dominance, competence, liking, dominance rankings
Also self reported Big Five personality traits
would have to ask for access to data

Mission Survival Corpus 2
not clear if available
doesnt seem to be! at fbk, could try and contact this nada person

fbk personality database
self presentation, human-human interaction with map task, human-machine interaction with map task

Canal9
swiss political debates with agreement annotations
allegedly available on sspnet.eu, but can't access it

HUMAINE database
diverse multimodal database looking at perceived emotional content, motional signs, contextual factors to understand signs
need to fill out agreement, sent it to get account
- Belfast Naturalistic database (in English, naturalistic, 10 clips)
- Castaway Reality Television dataset (in English, naturalistic, 10 clips)
- Sensitive Artificial Listener (in English, induced, 12 clips)
- Sensitive Artificial Listener (in Hebrew, induced, 1 clip)
- Activity/Spaghetti dataset (in English, induced, 7 clips)
- Green Persuasive dataset (in English, induced, 4 clips)
- EmoTABOO (in French, induced, 2 clips)
- DRIVAWORK corpus (in German, induced, 1 clip)
- GEMEP corpus (in French, acted, 1 clip)

IDIAP Wolf
games played by many people
unclear what annotations available

SEMAINE
seems to have affective anotations but only audio, face from itneractions with virtual agents

Cohn-KAnade
facial... posers.

Belfast Naturalistic Database
audio video, natural emotion, part of HUMAINE

PAVIS
https://pavis.iit.it/datasets/leadership-corpus
